a frigate soars somewhere beneath the
surface below that is the food it must
have but we're those that fly above the
ocean must be able to read the signs of
fresh supplies or perish a hundred miles
from the Mexican coast and keen eyes
have spotted movement sailfish three
metres long are closing in on prey they
will only use just enough energy to make
their kill never wasting a fin stroke
nearly a hundred sailfish have
surrounded a single school of baitfish
it's very rare to see so many of these
hunters in one place
to herd their prey the Predators raise
their huge dorsal things
a mistimed strike by one selfish could
fatally damage another but each
continually changes its color from blue
to strike to black that warns its
companions of its intentions and also
confuses the fray
as the shoal is driven nearer the
surface it comes within the range of the
seabirds
Oh
out here in the open ocean there is
nowhere for the baitfish
to hide
you